# Schedule

<!-- schedule

| Week 1 | Goals | Assessment | 
|---|---|---|
| Oct 17 | 
| **Week 2** | | | 
| Oct 22 | 
| Oct 24 | 
| Oct 25 | | WebWork HW1+HW2 due Oct 28, 11:59am | 
| **Week 3** | | | 
| Oct 29 | |
| Oct 31 | | PAR1 |
| Nov 1 | | WebWork HW3+HW4 due Nov 3, 11:59am |
| **Reading week** | | | 
| Nov 5,7,8 | 
| **Week 4** | | | 
| Nov 12 | 
| Nov 14 | 
| Nov 14| | WebWork HW5+HW6 due Nov 17, 11:59am  |
| **Week 5** | | | 
| Nov 19 | 
| Nov 21 | 
| Nov 22| | WebWork HW7+HW8 due Nov 24, 11:59am  | 
| **Week 6** | | | 
| Nov 26 | 
| Nov 28 | 
| Nov 29| | WebWork HW9+HW10 due Dec 1, 11:59am  | 
| **Week 7** | | | 
| Dec 3 | 
| Dec 5 | 
| Dec 6 | | WebWork HW11+HW12 due Dec 8, 11:59am |  -->

There are two types of homework in this class: online graded homework and non-graded homework. They have different focuses. The online homework focuses on computations and algorithms. These are like the times-tables of linear algebra—you need to have them down pat in order to do well, but *there is little to them beyond practice*. The non-graded homework focuses on conceptual questions related to lecture content. To do well in this class, you must do both types of homework.

## Online Homework

Online homework is due weekly via the WebWork platform. Most weeks, online homework will focus on algorithms that have not been discussed in lecture. Before you start your online homework each week, *please watch the provided videos*, which will explain the algorithm to be practised.

## Writing Homework

Writing homework assignments are due is due *Friday, November 1 at 11:59pm, Friday, November 8 at 11:59pm, and Friday November 29 at 11:59pm* and are to be submitted *via Crowdmark*. Each writing assignment includes a problem to be completed using the Peer Assisted Reflection (PAR) process, which requires you to bring a draft of your solution(s) to lecture on particular days. The PAR day for each writing homework will be announced via Quercus. 

## Weekly Schedule

- Week 1
  - Ungraded Homework: Textbook Module 1-5 practise problems
  - Online Homework: Compute linear combinations, Solve $2 \times 2$ systems, determine consistency/inconsistency. Watch the videos here. 
- Week 2
  - Ungraded Homework: Textbook Module 4-8 practise problems
  - Online Homework:Compute unions/intersections of sets, solve $m \times n$ systems with unique solutions, row reduction algorithm, determine consistency of $m \times n$ systems. Watch the videos here. Write the complete solution to a system, classify sets as linearly independent/dependent, use row reduction to find maximal linearly independent subsets. Watch the videos here.
- Week 3
  - Ungraded Homework: Textbook Module 8-10 practise problems
  - **Written Homework:** PAR Worksheet
  - **Presentation:** Intersection of lines and planes 
  - Online Homework: Intersect lines and planes in vector form, multiply matrices. Watch the videos here. Compute dot products, components, and projections, produce orthogonal vectors. Watch the videos here.
- Week 4
  - Ungraded Homework: Textbook Module 11 practise problems
  - **Written Homework:** PAR Worksheet
  - **Presentation:** Italicizing NOnline 
  - Homework: Compute a basis and the dimension of a span, write a vector in a different basis. Watch the videos here. Write a matrix for a linear transformation. Watch the videos here.
- Week 5
  - Ungraded Homework: Textbook Module 12 practise problems
  - **Presentation:** Getting back to N
  - Online Homework: Find a basis for the null space, row space, and column space, compute the inverse of a matrix. Watch the videos here. Use inverses to solve systems. Watch the videos here. 
- Week 6
  - ***Midterm!***
  - Ungraded Homework: Textbook Module 13 & 14 practise problems
  - Online Homework: Compute $2 \times 2$ and $3 \times 3$ determinants. Watch the videos here.
- Week 7
  - Ungraded Homework: Textbook Module 15 practise problems
  - **Presentation:** The blue and black task
  - Online Homework: Compute eigenvectors and eigenvalues. Watch the videos here.
- Week 8
  - Ungraded Homework: Textbook Module 16 practise problems
  - **Written Homework:** PAR Worksheet
  - Online Homework: Diagonalize a matrix, determine if a matrix is diagonalizable. Watch the videos here.
